1.TOUCH VPN:
-------------------
VPN can be a big part of geolocation testing. In the sea of alternatives, it may be difficult to reach a consensus on functionality vs cost. 
Free VPNs can be limited in their usage, and paid services can be quite pricey or not meet your expectations. Touch VPN is a great option 
that does not compromise quality. It is a free and unlimited service.


2.CLEAR CACHE:
---------------------
Every user’s cache needs to be cleaned periodically to avoid issues such as delay, data corruption, and security endangerment. 
A regular cache-clearing procedure on Chrome takes 6 steps and involves a bit of scrolling and locating. To make this task simpler and quicker,
 Clear Cache extension implements the same function but with a single click.


3.CSS SELECTOR HELPER:
-----------------------------
CSS Selector Helper is a great organizer. The main function is listing all CSS selectors in a smart window integrated into your dev tools.
Thus, instead of straining your eyes over dozens of selectors, with the help of this app you can speedily skim through the presented catalog and
work with needed options. The grid with all CSS selectors presents element IDs and CSS classes with an established hierarchy – from ancestor elements
to the selected variant.


4.DIMENSIONS:
---------------
Dimensions is a clear-cut plugin that helps precisely measure distances between elements. The way it works is very simple.
Your cursor transforms into the center for horizontal and vertical rulers that are projected from the middle.
The two perpendicular lines adjust automatically when detecting the elements on a webpage. As you move the mouse,
the cross grid follows it, quickly locating visual components. In the same manner, a small box trails the cursor around, momentarily
showing the space between parts of the design.

 

5.MAGENTO FORM FILLER:
------------------------
This tool is very specific. Yet, it was able to find its niche and become quite popular for developers and QA engineers working with Magento.
Magento Form Filler was created with one specific function in mind, as is deductible from the name, – filling user information.
The app uses default dummy data for user form, which can be saved and applied as needed. Further, you can add more users and adjust their info if desired.

 

6.WHATFONT:
---------------
When it comes to fixing issues with font size, color, and style, the QA Madness team recommends using this Chrome extension.
It verifies the used font family and size for a particular section on a web page. WhatFont enables you to quickly identify a particular text on a web page.
It is faster than doing it without an extension (which is right-click > go to the elements > check the CSS > see the info).
Instead, click on the WhatFont icon and hover the pointer over the word. The extension will instantly show you the font name with all the details (color, weight, etc.)


7.Ranorex Selocity:
--------------------
One of the most painful parts of automation is figuring out the right CSS or XPath code to allow the tool to “grab” an element. Selenium IDE and
even Chrome DevTools can help you find the element. Selocity gives you more options within DevTools for locator strings and makes copying them
to your clipboard a button-click.


8.Sikuli:
------------
Sikuli is an image-based free automation testing tool, which takes a visual approach to elements on your desktop. Identifying how buttons, shortcuts, or 
links look like, the tool recognizes it and captures some part of the screen for active area. Sikuli is great for testing desktop applications and when
you cannot easily access GUI’s source code.


9.SelectorsHub:
----------------
Auto generates xPath based on axes, xPath relative to an element, xPath using index position & xPath from the root element.


10.Page Load time:
-------------------
Page Load time displays a website’s loading time in the toolbar. This is a useful instrument, as high-speed loading is among the topmost priorities for 
website visitors. A few things repel a user from a website as slow loading times.
However, to get truly accurate load times on a site, QAs must test their rendering on real browsers and devices.


//////////////////////////////////

Check my kinks:
-----------------
Can check the broken links in website.




Vyson: Which is used for phone on laptop.